feat: allow adding modules only for the specific build type (#1298)
react-native-community/cli: docs/dependencies.md

  project?: string;
  podspecPath?: string;
  sharedLibraries?: string[];

>   buildTypes?: string[];

Reviewer: I would keep the original naming to not introduce additional layer of confusion. We already have `scriptPhases` that are CocoaPods-specific (and others, such as `sourceDir`) and will most likely continue doing so in the future. What you think?

See [`script_phase` options](https://www.rubydoc.info/gems/cocoapods-core/Pod/Podfile/DSL#script_phase-instance_method) for a full list of available object keys.

#### platforms.ios.buildTypes

> An array of build configurations which will include the dependency. If the array is empty, your dependency will be installed in all configurations. For more details, see [`build configurations`](https://guides.cocoapods.org/syntax/podfile.html#pod).

Reviewer: We could probably suggest here that if you're working on a helper, you should set `debug` as a value, to avoid shipping it as a part of the release process. 

I imagine some libraries may want to do it by default.

> An array of build configurations which will include the dependency. If the array is empty, your dependency will be installed in all configurations. If you're working on a helper library, you should set debug as a value, to avoid shipping it as a part of the release process. For more details, see [`build configurations`](https://guides.cocoapods.org/syntax/podfile.html#pod).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An array of build configurations which will include the dependency. If the array is empty, your dependency will be installed in all configurations. If you're working on a helper library that should only be included in development, such as a replacement for the React Native development menu, you should set this to `['debug']` to avoid shipping the library in a release build. For more details, see [`build configurations`](https://guides.cocoapods.org/syntax/podfile.html#pod).
```

For settings applicable on other platforms, please consult their respective documentation.

#### platforms.android.buildTypes

> An array of build variants or flavors which will include the dependency. If the array is empty, your dependency will be included in all build types. If you're working on a helper library, you should set debug as a value, to avoid shipping it as a part of the release process. For more details, see [`build variants`](https://developer.android.com/studio/build/build-variants#dependencies).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An array of build variants or flavors which will include the dependency. If the array is empty, your dependency will be included in all build types. If you're working on a helper library that should only be included in development, such as a replacement for the React Native development menu, you should set this to `['debug']` to avoid shipping the library in a release build. For more details, see [`build variants`](https://developer.android.com/studio/build/build-variants#dependencies).
```
